yesterday anthropic finally released
Claude 3.7 Sona the highly anticipated
large language model that's most loved
and most feared by programmers their
announcement video has everybody
freaking out and the top comment on that
video is people waiting for this video
and let me just say I'm humbled and
honored that you put so much faith into
my half-ass AI reviews I've already
burned through millions of tokens
testing it and the tldr is that Claud
3.7 is straight gas hits different matte
heat highkey goated on God no cap for
real for real the new base model beat
itself to become even better at
programming while adding a new thinking
mode to copy the success of deep seek R1
in the open AO models but the craziest
thing they released is something called
Claude code a CLI tool that allows you
to build test and execute code in any
project thus creating an infinite
feedback loop that in theory should
replace all programmers all the code
influencers are telling us we're cooked
and in today's video we'll find out if
they're right it is February 25th 2025
and you're watching the code report a
few weeks ago anthropic released a paper
that studied how AI affects the labor
force and what they found is that
despite only making up 3.4% of the
workforce over 37% of the prompts are
related to math and coding and although
it hasn't taken any human programmer
jobs yet it has taken stack overflows
job now there's a lot of AI slot word
out there and it's hard to keep track of
it all but for web development one of
the better indicators is web dev Arena
and Claude 3.5 the previous version is
already sitting on top of that
leaderboard but it was roughly tied with
all of the other state-of-the-art models
when it comes to the software
engineering Benchmark which is human
verif ified and based on real GitHub
issues what's crazy though is that the
new 3.7 model absolutely crushed all the
other models including open AI O3 mini
high and deep seek and is now capable of
solving 70.3% of GitHub issues that is
if we're to believe the Benchmark and
after trying out the CLA code CLI I
might actually believe it it's in
research preview currently but you can
install the CLA CLI with npm disclaimer
though it uses the anthropic API
directly and CLA is not cheap costing
over 10 times more than models like
Gemini Flash and deepsea $15 per million
output tokens cost more than my entire
personality once installed you'll have
access to the CLA command in the
terminal and that gives it the full
context of existing code in your project
one thing I noticed immediately though
is that their text decoration in the CLI
looks almost identical to SST an open
source tool we've covered on this
channel before that could be a
coincidence but it appears the clo logo
might also be plagiarized based on this
drawing of a butthole by one of my
favorite authors Kurt vonet now there's
nothing wrong with designing your logo
after a sphincter plenty of companies do
it but I think CLA is just a little too
on the nose here but now that I have CLA
installed I can run the in command which
will scan the project and create a
markdown file with some initial context
and instructions that's cool but now we
have an open session and one thing you
might want to do is see how much money
you've lost by prompting so far with the
cost command I can see that creating
that AIT file cost about 8 cents now the
first actual job I gave it was pretty
easy and that was to create a random
name generator in Dino after you enter a
prompt it will figure out what to do and
then have you confirm it with a yes or
no like in this case here it wants to
generate a new file it'll go ahead and
write that file to the file system and
then it also creates a dedicated testing
file as well that's important because
using a strongly typed language along
with test driven development are ways
for the AI to validate that the code it
writes is actually valid if that test
fails it can use the feedback to rewrite
the business logic and continue going
back and forth until it gets it right
and in this example it wrote what I
would consider perfect code but now
let's do something more challenging and
have it build an actual visual front end
UI but instead of react we'll use spelt
when I generated the config you'll
notice that it understands the text
stack is using typescript and tailwind
and then I'll prompt it for a moderately
complex front-end UI an application that
can access my microphone and visualize
the waveform after this initial prompt I
had to confirm like 20 different things
and as you can see it wrote a bunch of
new components to my project it took a
lot longer than just prompting claw in
the web UI but the end result was worth
the wait here in the application I can
click through a waveform frequency and
circular graphic that visualizes the
sound of my voice as a control I had
open aai 03 mini High generate the same
thing and at first I got an error which
was easy to fix but the end result
looked like this an embarrassing piece
of crap compared to Claude but upon
closer inspection there were a lot of
problems in claude's code like for one
it didn't use typescript or Tailwind at
all even though it should know that
they're in our Tex stack it also failed
to use the new spell 5 Rune syntax and
the entire session cost me about 65
cents which would have been better spent
on an egg or a banana but now I have one
final test recently Apple had to
discontinue ending and encryption in the
UK because the government wanted a back
door and apple refused to build one if
you've been affected by this one thing
you can do is build your own and an
encrypted app I've been trying to do
that myself in JavaScript but every
single large language model that I've
tried fails let's see if Claud code can
fix this chat GPT garbage code it took
quite a while and changed a lot of the
code but for whatever reason it still
fails to run and unfortunately because I
become so dependent on AI I have no idea
how to fix an error message like this
and all I can really do is wait for the
next best model to come out throughout
the video we've seen how good CLA is at
front end Dev but the other half to your
application is the back end and if you
like building apps fast you need to try
out convex the sponsor of today's video
it's an open- Source reactive database
that provides typesafe queries scheduled
jobs server functions real-time data
sync like Firebase just to name a few of
its features best of all though database
queries are written in pure typescript
giving us this beautiful IDE
autocomplete across the entire stack but
that also creates another side effect
making convex really good at autonomous
Vibe coding with AI models like Claude
can more easily understand comvex code
write it with fewer errors and thus be
more productive with it if you know how
to build a front-end app you're already
halfway there now use the link on the
screen to create a free convex project
to build the other half this has been
the code report thanks for watching and
I will see you in the next one